Select anchors at `-anchorconfirmations` depth. (#5917)
zcash/zcash: doc/release-notes.md

- The `-reindex` and `-reindex-chainstate` options now imply `-rescan`
  (provided that the wallet is enabled and pruning is disabled, and unless
  `-rescan=0` is specified explicitly).
- A new `-anchorconfirmations` argument has been added to allow the user
  to specify the number of blocks back from the chain tip that anchors will be
  selected from when spending notes. By default, anchors will now be selected
  to have 3 confirmations. Values greater than 100 are not supported.

RPC Interface
-------------

- The default `minconf` value for `z_sendmany` is now 10 confirmations instead

>   of 1. If `minconf` and specifies a value less than that provided for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  of 1. If `minconf` specifies a value less than that provided for
```

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/zcash/zcash/pull/5934

- The `-reindex` and `-reindex-chainstate` options now imply `-rescan`
  (provided that the wallet is enabled and pruning is disabled, and unless
  `-rescan=0` is specified explicitly).
- A new `-anchorconfirmations` argument has been added to allow the user
  to specify the number of blocks back from the chain tip that anchors 
  will be selected from when spending notes. By default, anchors will

>   now be selected at a depth of 10 blocks from the chain tip. Values

Reviewer 2: Is there an off-by-one error in this description? If 1 indicates the block at the tip (i.e. 1 confirmation), then 10 confirmations indicates 9 blocks back from the tip, not 10.

>   will be selected from when spending notes. By default, anchors will
>   now be selected at a depth of 10 blocks from the chain tip. Values

Author: ```suggestion
  will be selected from when spending notes. By default, anchors will
  now be selected to have 10 confirmations. Values
```

  greater than 100 are not supported.

RPC Interface
-------------

- The default `minconf` value for `z_sendmany` is now 10 confirmations instead
  of 1. This default corresponds to the number of anchor confirmations
  required, which may be configured with the `-anchorconfirmations` argument
  when starting the node. If `minconf` is explicitly supplied, it will override
  the default value provided by `-anchorconfirmations` if `minconf` specifies
  a smaller value than the default (it is not possible to spend notes that

>   are more recent than the anchor).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  are more recent than the anchor). This allows the transaction to be distinguished from transactions
  using the default for `-anchorconfirmations`.
```

- The `-reindex` and `-reindex-chainstate` options now imply `-rescan`
  (provided that the wallet is enabled and pruning is disabled, and unless
  `-rescan=0` is specified explicitly).
- A new `-anchorconfirmations` argument has been added to allow the user
  to specify the number of blocks back from the chain tip that anchors 
  will be selected from when spending notes. By default, anchors will

>   now be selected to have 10 confirmations. Values

Author: Since the "base case" of spends is that you're spending untrusted notes I think that we should keep at 10 confirmations for the default, and then allow trusted notes to default to using fewer in the future.

>   now be selected to have 10 confirmations. Values

Author: After discussion, the decision is to make the anchor require 3 confirmations by default, but set minconf's default to 10. This will mean that extra information is not revealed by the choice of anchor depth.

>   now be selected to have 10 confirmations. Values

Reviewer 2: Sounds good to me.

  (provided that the wallet is enabled and pruning is disabled, and unless
  `-rescan=0` is specified explicitly).

RPC Interface
-------------

- The default `minconf` value for `z_sendmany` is now 10 confirmations instead
  of 1.
- When spending notes using `z_sendmany`, Orchard anchors are now selected at
  a depth of 10 blocks instead of at the chain tip. If the `minconf` value is

>   less than 10, `minconf` is used for the anchor selection depth instead.

Reviewer 3: This isn't mentioning in the new `-anchorconfirmations` flag, is that intentional?
